[Music]
What's up with me kids? Well here
we are one more day talking about tortilla
land how I like my
potato omelet I swear well you know what
tortilla is giving it its little angels and
it's that all the series that these
people make give it its little angels the truth is that
a few days ago we had
some controversies that we were
commenting on especially on the
secondary channel okay there's also something that
was commented on the main channel but to make
the news faster what I
do is talk about them live and I
upload the stands to my secondary channel
so everyone subscribe to the
secondary channel the other day it was not about
the purge, well it was
quite funny
[Music]
wow it
's very Juanito Juanito is better people from
Monterrey beautiful Pamela through a
rocket I pass it through my dick
[Music]
is here inside
it I don't know how she saw it all
[Music] not
at all
what we expected but it was funny
curious and what she's been commenting on the
last few days is the new signing of
blonds which is a special signing it's not
like a  participant more but he is a
character who lives inside a portal
okay he lives in a world in a
special area of ​​​​tortilla land and that he has
10 lives you know it's the liver
because you believe in his voice behind him
and he has managed to take a little
heart
well now there is controversy with the issue
of the mayor's office you know this we saw this we
saw the same thing the same thing you know that
when everything was recomposed that reboot
all after the purge the gods
told him hey here we have it we have
realized is that a
representative is needed in each town not a
mayor I think having a person who
speaks for the entire town would be a
great help to mediate conflicts in the
future it is
time to hold elections there are elections and
the candidates are being presented well there is
already controversy with this there is a role in which
each one is putting their things
their ways in it and so on there are people who are
breaking down from [ __ ] because there is
everything to begin with there is the betrayal
in quotes because I remember that this
is the role to begin with there is the problem
of euros with what apparently the Portuguese
would be betraying him a little let's go  Let's
listen a little to the context of what this is about.
How are you the day
after the Calanda elections? The
funniest thing of all is that my vote
decided the elections.
If you notice, if it weren't for my vote there
would have been a tie, but my vote
made Lolita mayor. I did it for a
reason. Let's see, first because I like to see
the world burn. I think we
did Luz a favor. The mayor's office is going to
bring a lot of problems. The first thing
people are going to do is go after the mayor. They are going to
overwhelm him. They are not going to stop
asking for things. They are going to attack
his house. And Luz, you deserve that. The
mayor's office is going to bring a lot of problems. And
Luz or he is a very sensitive person is going to have a
terrible time.
Malán is a rowdy place, friend. It is a
rowdy place. We like to do things.
The other way around, Leito, which is why we
made Lolito mayor. It was total. We
have the one who turned evil in
the elections. When he was now his best
friend, he betrayed him and didn't vote for him. Okay, so
Lolita, all these
things give a lot.  role playing game is worth
all these things to create stories and they
give a lot of substance so that their
stories are created within the story not all
this thing will be able to be much substance what
the series is also this seems to be that then
once they are chosen then each
one is not going to comply with the points that they
have promised not in the proposals
talking a little about the proposals
which is one of the main themes of the
video and that the mess it turns out that
everyone was promising things that are
missing I give them tnt that if I give you
diamonds and you vote for that this blackmail
is this literally here in Spain it
would be illegal blackmail more than blackmail
it is a vote buying to give because
blackmail when you have something that
bribe bribe let's say that if this
triggered having to clarify
things to several people and even having to
come out the official
tortilla lame account to show his face it is
important that the mayor or mayoress will not
have any type of advantage over
any player you cannot give objects
that you do not have if someone promising to
give an island and you realize now they have
promised things that the gods
would be  even if he wins the activity, he asks for
an island, they would give it to him just like they
did with mine and now the
most there is in the town is no more, the
euro wand, he had said that he would give it to all
the towns, so why do he still
promise us an island, he doesn't have this of
being the friend of a series, like he gets
too carried away and only he wants to do everything, how
convenient he can't give a
wand, but abidín, if I could give him an
island, look, this issue of
corruption,
people are literally taking
accents as if it were a
political campaign, whether or not they are literally
moving, Mai is raising more money
with this supposed corruption
than with that of real politicians,
guys, I clarified it the other day in string,
anyone can ask the
gods for an island or a certain space if they
want, I decide to play the role and
put it in the story of the elections,
don't worry, I will have the
same issue of the island, which is what
someone can explain to me, the islands
can be asked to the gods to have
their house or whatever you want to explain, but it
is not like an advantage, like it is a
whim or a gift or something  so I don't
understand what it's like is part of the stage,
not like, hey, I would like my house to be
put here, no, the advantage of the
islands is the frames per second because there are
less people, there are less, there is less
noise, but that's nonsense, like what I
imagine the
comment about the island would make, like, damn, hey, I'll
give you an island if they vote for me, no more joking,
in reality, the island isn't there, they
give it to you anyway even if I don't vote, no, what a little
hair, sauro, what a little hair yesterday many
people did not understand tortilla's tweets,
the cndh clarifying the issue of the
elections, what tortilla langón meant yesterday,
that the mayor is not going to have
any power over others, it is a
role, but it is not a role that has power, in other
words, a mayor is not going to be able to, now he
had a magic wand, a job, it's a pain,
but because they want to run for
election and they are not going to have any power,
heat, and people have taken it as
if being mayor is going to give you power,
that's why the issue of bribes because
the people in the audience, well, the
limited part of the people, what they understood was that
when  You are mayor, so you have the
power like the gods, basically that's
what I wanted to clarify, for
example, there are the people, but he went and
gave him his wand and he's going to go if it's yours, of course,
to earn my vote I can give it to him
as if I want to give my house to a
person, he is a representative, you simply
know what the point is that they are not going to
fulfill it, that they were selling a
political campaign within the relationship of
his role as a mischievous character, but
then it was not going to be fulfilled in power
and the island of Beijing, that is very
important because here you have
practically all confused, any
tortilla user can ask the
gods who have an island, who wants a piece of
land, it happens that she has taken advantage of it
to do it for role, but Beijing can
open a ticket this afternoon to ask for an
island and they give it to her, or already knowing how
people complicate things,
well finally, to finish the video, I
wanted to tell you about another topic that is being
talked about these days, an issue that I did not
rule out doing from the
beginning and that was that there would be a sponsor
in tortilla to the ANP, I hope it
is not something horrible, horrible and annoying
like what happened with KFC  Marbella
videos okay Marbella horrible the cmd
Marbella is like the cool German a fan
of the youtuber this and that they want to go to
Aloma and that their dreams to join
them the one of the group and those things well m
of Marbella was horrible the role he played the
colonel how he did anti
role things he forced roles with people he didn't
know even calling them on the phone
when he wasn't supposed to have
those numbers that to fs sending a sign
on the screens of all the strippers
they had a weird attitude with us
go [ __ ] yourself colonel he won't step on me a
KFC since then I'll put you in when
you have there's a Domino's pizza set up the
town of Melilla I'm
not going to charge you
when I give you a sword and you put a
special sword the Betis ops you'll see you're going to freak out
there are a couple of brands that were on the
way
one of them spectacular misunderstanding let's
see I understand that for that
all the participants have to agree
not just the boss doesn't play along
the boss says look at this what's there is
in my series I organized it
whoever has  any problem with
participating in this and that
these brands appear in your string
let him know that he can leave quietly without
any kind of problem because I
imagine that it will be a little bit of agreement
between all of us hear that look that to
pay servers to the gods and to the
people who do things well we are going to do
we are going to get the money from here from
marcano I don't know I have no idea it is a
subject that the truth is I don't know because
each one will take it in their own way but
as long as we are uncomfortable with
aggressive annoying advertising and such it is a
normal thing I mean we are talking
tortilla lana auron has peaks of 300
thousand viewers at least like a few and
in one hundred and something thousand and they are not the
visits that they have then the millions of
visits that it has both in the summarized ones
on youtube as in the video uploaded the
tweet sauro
by one guarnizo ar and also this note
is normal companies we all approve things
like coca-cola or any of these
in insurance insurance and if they wanted to
participate in tortilla but I will give you a
small spoiler that this brand is very
touch we all know it
but it does not want to come here like and
put a logo here on the ground wants to
do something nice and will give
each one of you an item that will be very
useful because the cola cao that scolded to
collaborate a lot with cola cao for an
event an event for example would be a
promo it doesn't have to be something fixed a
pizzeria and in the middle of the town it can't
be an event today the cola cao event
is up to date and good family is here
today's salsa singer from tortilla land I hope
you liked the video subscribe
to my channel here you don't miss any of
the news of the viral things on the
internet also subscribe to my
secondary channel abel canijo where I am
every day live and vice and almost
every day but this is like
chronic no there is no one to get me out of here
see you in the next video
[Music]